hi I'm Seth Stephens design director for
Sears outdoor living when it comes to
outdoor entertaining sears is more than
the BBQ headquarters for the home to the
grilling is happiness movement it's for
everyone who knows that grilling isn't
just about food it's about the
experience a backyard barbecue is a rite
of summer a social event whether you're
grilling for two or twenty and no one
knows more about it than sears we offer
every type of grill imaginable from
charcoal to gas to infrared with all the
latest and greatest features to make
your barbecue a success and we've got
all the best brands like kenmore kenmore
elite and char-broil and BBQ pro visit
our grilling is happiness blog to get
recipes tips and inspiration from our
panel of experts I want to show you some
of our most popular innovative grills
that make outdoor teen easier and more
fun first off this kenmore 4 burner gas
grill with folding side table has 672
square inches of total cooking area and
a large 15 and a half by 31 inch
stainless steel side table that provides
extra work space and folds down out of
the way when not in use these kenmore 4
burner gas grills offer versatility to
your cooking with an added outdoor oven
or steamer both grilles offer 40,000
BTUs and 600 square inches of primary
cooking area
our Kenmore 4 burner gas grill with
wings has almost 700 square inches of
total cooking area each burner has its
own electronic ignition that makes
starting quick and easy and allows you
to control the heat it also features
large side shelves for extra prep space
that fold down one not in use this is
the ultimate heavy duty grilling machine
the Kenmore Elite 3 burner with 39
thousand beats use it has an expansive
692 square inch cooking area and a
warming rack making it perfect for
entertaining family and friends it's
also built to last with a double walled
lid and cast aluminum side panels along
with durable stainless steel burners
covered by a 15-year warranty the large
ignition knobs are easy to grip and turn
and the grill is available in mocha or
stainless steel for grilling tips
recipes and more visit us at sears.com /
grilling is happiness and learn from our
community of experts